docs: update Kafka MSK IAM authentication configuration (#2294)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/kafka.md

## AWS MSK IAM authentication

> Starting with version 4.0.4, Fluent Bit supports AWS IAM authentication for Amazon MSK clusters. This allows you to use your AWS credentials and IAM policies to control access to Kafka topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Fluent Bit version 4.0.4 and later, you can use AWS IAM authentication for Amazon MSK clusters. This lets you use your AWS credentials and IAM policies to control access to Kafka topics.
```

### Configuration parameters [#config-aws]

| Property | Description | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ------- |
| `rdkafka.sasl.mechanism` | Set to `aws_msk_iam` to enable MSK IAM authentication | _none_ |
| `aws_region` | AWS region (optional, automatically detected from broker hostname for standard MSK endpoints) | auto-detected |

### Basic configuration

For most use cases, simply set `rdkafka.sasl.mechanism` to `aws_msk_iam`:

```yaml
pipeline:
  inputs:
    - name: kafka
      brokers: boot-abc123.c1.kafka-serverless.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9098
      topics: my-topic
      rdkafka.sasl.mechanism: aws_msk_iam
```

The AWS region is automatically detected from the broker hostname for standard MSK endpoints.

**Note:** When using `aws_msk_iam`, Fluent Bit automatically sets `rdkafka.security.protocol` to `SASL_SSL`. You don't need to configure it manually.

### Using custom DNS or PrivateLink

If you're using custom DNS names or PrivateLink aliases, specify the `aws_region` parameter:

```yaml
pipeline:
  inputs:
    - name: kafka
      brokers: my-kafka-endpoint.example.com:9098
      topics: my-topic
      rdkafka.sasl.mechanism: aws_msk_iam
      aws_region: us-east-1

> ```

Author: __`aws_msk_iam_cluster_arn`__: This parameter was __removed__ in this PR. Region now comes from `aws_region` parameter for custom DNS.

__`rdkafka.security.protocol`__: Auto-set by code (line 296-299 in `in_kafka.c`). Not needed in config.

Both parameters are intentionally excluded per PR design. Adding them contradicts the simplification goal.

### AWS credentials

Fluent Bit uses the standard AWS credentials chain to authenticate:

1. Environment variables (`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`)
2. AWS credentials file (`~/.aws/credentials`)
3. IAM instance profile (recommended for EC2)
4. IAM task role (recommended for ECS)

> 5. IAM service account (recommended for EKS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Environment variables (`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`)
1. AWS credentials file (`~/.aws/credentials`)
1. IAM instance profile (recommended for EC2)
1. IAM task role (recommended for ECS)
1. IAM service account (recommended for EKS)
```

> ### Required IAM permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Required IAM permissions

{% hint style="info" %}

For detailed IAM policy configuration, consult your AWS administrator or refer to the [AWS MSK documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/msk/latest/developerguide/iam-access-control.html).

{% endhint %}
```
